Hi, I'm Benavidez level and this is a
advice over practical natural cooking
this time we are going to make a juice of
apple carrot and celery is very simple
and it can be an option for breakfast
or also as something very different for
accompany your food at the time of
main meal we're going to need a
little water are about two glasses
of water two apples three carrots and
two celery sticks the carrot already
I have it here without skin what we are going to
to do is to break into small pieces
just like the apple the apple is not
necessary that the
that we fight
we are going to strain after this mixture
after moving to the blender it is very
important that you wash and disinfect
fruits and vegetables we have here a
natural disinfectant that you can
do yourself check what in the videos
let's make small pieces for
facilitate the liquefied
what the heart and the seeds do not
we will use it
perfect we ended up with the apple and
now we go with the carrot
i
celery
on the skin was a very special flavor to
I love celery
and since we have fruits the carrot
and celery let's put the water in the
blender
more or less two cups is half a liter d
of water
and we go little by little adding the fruit
let's go to and when by parties so that
be simpler
This is a juice that will refresh you
nourish I do not know if you notice you do not have
absolutely no sugar
what makes it massa we are not going to strain it
it is thick
and what we do is in a colander him
scrape with a spoon like that is a lot
easier
the process
the bagasse that you have left you can save it
and make compost there is a video of natalia
where he teaches us to do it for
take advantage of everything we have left
for the benefit of the earth
and ready
we already have our delicious and nutritious
apple carrot and celery smoothie
I am and benavidez and remember that we are what
that we eat health